# Simulkin Real-time Commander for dVRKThis repository is used to command a dVRK robot using Simulink Real-time environment. The main documentation is in the [slrt-dVRK-commander wiki](https://github.com/vu-arma-dev/slrt-dVRK-commander/wiki)## Model FolderThis folder contains the Simulink realtime model, made in MATLAB 2016a. The model is called “PSM_Commander.slx” and contains all the base functions of the Commander. The code is separated according to what you would expect in a control loop: a trajectory planner, a low level controller, and a plant that communicates with the hardware. There is also a “scope” block to allow real-time data visualization and data logging as well as a “motor enable” subsystem that does what it implies. The piece of the code that is most likely to require adjustments is the “plant” block if any of your hardware interfaces are different. The model should be built using the “MAKE_PSMCMD.m” function, which will make sure the model is built inside the build folder and that all dependencies are added to the path.The function “PSMCMD_DEPENDENCY.m” makes sure all the dependencies are added to the MATLAB path. This function must be changed to match the model path on your computer.## Experiment Scripts JMRContains important experiment scripts (self-explanatory), which are mostly used for our published work in Journal of Mechanisms and Robotics.* **Initialize\_PSM\_CMD** - initialize the PSM, and home it (optional).* **Main\_Surface\_Explore** - main script to run the surface exploration (scan)## ControlFunc FolderContains necessary subfunctions for editing model parameters and running the robot. * **Hybrid\_adm\_set\_goal\_pose** - set goal pose in hybrid admittance and position control.* **Hybrid\_adm\_set\_trajectory** - set the trajectory properties under "Hybrid admittance controller"* **Hybrid\_adm\_config** - configure the properties of the "Hybrid Admittance Controller"## Data FolderDoesn’t do anything, just useful to have a place to store things taken during experiments## Git Ignore FileIf you want to set up this model for a git repository, this ignore will makes it a lot smaller by ignoring the data folder and the build folder (which is really large).